- The F language you're working with and any general observations about it,
- including particular challenges in translating your choice of F language to
- English (relative to other possible choices for F).

- Your original test document (10 sentences).

El Alquimista cogió un libro que alguien de la caravana había traído. El volumen
no tenía tapas, pero consiguió identificar a su autor: Oscar Wilde. Mientras
hojeaba sus páginas encontró una historia sobre Narciso.

El Alquimista conocía la leyenda de Narciso, un hermoso joven que todos los días
iba a contemplar su propia belleza en un lago. Estaba tan fascinado consigo
mismo que un día se cayó dentro del lago y se murió ahogado. En el lugar donde
cayó nació una flor, a la que llamaron narciso.

Pero no era así como Oscar Wilde acababa la historia. Él decía que, cuando
Narciso murió, llegaron las Oréades - diosas del bosque - y vieron el lago
transformado, de un lago de agua dulce que era, en un cántaro de lágrimas
saladas.

-¿Por qué lloras?- le preguntaron las Oréades.
-Lloro por Narciso- repuso el lago.
-¡Ah, no nos asombra que llores por Narciso!- prosiguieron ellas-. Al fin
y al cabo, a pesar de que nosotras siempre corríamos tras él por el bosque, tú
eras el único que tenía la oportunidad de contemplar de cerca su belleza.

- The output of your system.

The alchemist took a book that someone of the caravan had brought. The volume
had no lids , but got identify at his author : oscar wilde. While browsing their
pages found a history on narcissus. The alchemist knew the legend of narcissus ,
a beautiful youth that always was at contemplate his own beauty in a lake. Was
so fascinated with himself that a day is fell down within of lake and is died
suffocate. In the place where fell down a flower born , at the that called
narcissus. But is not like this like oscar wilde end the history. He said that ,
when narcissus died , the goddesses arrived - goddesses of forest - and viewed
the lake converted , of a lake of sweet water that is , in a pitcher of tears
salt. Why cry ?- the the goddesses asked. Cry by narcissus - said the lake. Ah ,
us astonishes no that weep by narcissus !- they continued -. To the final and to
the end , at weight of that us always ran after he by the forest , you was the
only that had the opportunity of contemplate his beauty of close.

- For each rule you create, a description of what it was supposed to do, what
- differences between Language F and English it was supposed to fix. Make sure
- you give a good example of the use of the rules in your running of your code.

["NN", "RB", "VBD"]  -> ["NN", "VBD", "RB"] 
Sentence to fix: "The volume no had lids" 
Correct sentence: "The volume had no lids"
Meaning of rule: This rule makes sure that the we move adverbs after the verbs that they modify. In the example above, the original sentence is "El volumen
no tenía tapas," where "no" comes before "tenia." In english, however, "no had"
is incorrect and "had no" (or perhaps more generally "had not") is the correct wording.
["VBD", "DT", "NNS"] -> ["DT", "NNS", "VBD"]  # Subject before verb
Sentence to fix: "asked the goddesses"
Correct sentence: "the goddesses asked"
Meaning of rule: Although both sentences qualify as correct English, we generally want to subject to come before the verb. This rule attempts to capture this grammatical model by moving the determiner (in this case "the") to the front of the sentence and reordering the subject and verb.

["VBN", "DT", "NN"]  -> ["DT","NN", "VBN"]    # Subject before verb 
Sentence to fix: "born a flower"
Correct sentence: "a flower born"
Meaning of rule: This is another rule that is supposed to reorder subjects and verbs in our sentences. A direct translation of the Spanish text gives us "born a flower," which is not as fluent as "a flower born" or perhaps even "a flower was born". We make this reordering by putting the noun in front of the verb when we see a determiner between them. 
# Prep. after possesive # of close his
beauty -> his beauty of close     ["IN", "JJ", "PRP\$", "NN"] -> ["PRP\$", "NN",
"IN", "JJ"] # Prep before noun # water sweet -> water salt     ["NN", "JJ"] ->
["JJ", "NN"]     ["VBN", "PRP"] -> ["PRP", "VBN"]     ["DT", "PRP", "VB*"] ->
["PRP", "VB*", "DT"]

- Error analysis, including ideas for how additional work might fix your
- remaining errors.

- The output of Google Translate.

The Alchemist picked up a book that someone in the caravan had brought. the
volume had no covers, but managed to identify the author: Oscar Wilde. while
leafed through its pages he found a story about Narcissus.

The Alchemist knew the legend of Narcissus, a beautiful youth all days would
contemplate his own beauty in a lake. I was so fascinated himself that one day
he fell into the lake and drowned. in the where was born a flower fell, which
they called narcissus.

But that was not how the story ended Oscar Wilde. He said that when Narcissus
died, arrived Oreads - goddesses of the forest - and saw the lake transformed, a
freshwater lake that was in a jar of tears salty.

- Why are you crying? - Asked the Oreads. -I weep for Narcissus replied the
lake. - Oh, no wonder you weep for Narcissus! - Continued them. Ultimately After
all, even though we always ran after him through the woods, you were the only
one who had the opportunity to look closely at their beauty.

- Comparative analysis for Google Translate, including where your system and
- Google agree, what your system does better than Google Translate, and what
- Google Translate does better than your system.

- A brief statement on the responsibilities of different members of the team.
- (Team members will normally get the same grade, but we reserve the right to
- differentiate in egregious cases.)
